# Minutes of Meeting
* **Tasks** (T) - has an Owner and a deadline
* **Decisions** (D)
* **Information** (I) - everything else of interest

### Date : 10-02-20
### Time : 14:00
### Topic: Sprint Backlog Discussion
### Attendees: 
* Astitva Gupta
* Sachin Kumar Danisetty
* Trusha Sakharkar
* Vivek Pamnani

Type | Description | Owner | Deadline
---- | ----------- | ----- | --------
D | MERN stack will be used for development. | - | -
I | The UI needs to be improved. | - | -
I | Database structure yet to be defined. | - | -
I | Prototype should be able to crawl for few fixed search parameters, yet. | - | -
